I'm saying good, your voice sounds back to normal, it's really nice, although I never
knew what it was like when it was normal, but when I last spoke to you, you had this
very gravely sexy, I'm JJ Kui kind of voice.
It's a little bit more like Kermit the Frog I think, but yeah, it finally came back now.
Right, listen, brother, sorry for the delay, you saw the chickens, the chickens are literally
opposite me, and they're the younger of the two group of chickens we've got, so it's
really funny, right?
I'll tell you a little story.
I really wanted to get chickens, right?
All about this, you know, self sustainability, be as independent as possible, grow your own
food, have your own eggs, you know, all that kind of stuff.
And I said to my wife, oh, I get some chickens, she was like, oh, we don't have room for
chickens.
Oh, we've got room, we can make room.
I'll chop down a few bushes and all that kind of stuff.
And she went, how many chickens are you thinking of, I was like, I don't know, five,
one for each of us in the family, that's way too many.
That's way too many.
Oh, come on, let's just get five chickens, we've got five little chickens.
Within a month, she was like, I want more chickens.
I was like, what?
She was, I want to get another six.
I was like, where are we going to put that?
She went, we'll make room.
It just goes to show where there's room, where there's a will, there's a way in them.
So the younger chickens, the second lot that we got, they're very naughty.
So they always forget to go to bed.
And they stay too late and these automatic doors that come and close at night and open
during the day.
Wow.
Fancy chicken coop.
Right?
Yeah.
They, they never get in on time.
So when I was walking to the garden studio, all I heard was like, they're telling me, they're
like, we, we, we're locked out, please let's say.
And they're really cute.
That's pretty funny.
JJ, I don't, I don't know if we got chickens.
They've got some personality.
We don't even have 11 chickens.
We only have, we only have a few, but yeah, we love them very much.
And it is something that, yeah, if you don't have, I think they're much better than a garden.
Not to say that you shouldn't have a garden, but I think some people underestimate how
powerful it is to have, in your case, you can have a half a dozen eggs every day for,
for a very long time now going into the future.
And that's a pretty, it's a pretty big, it's a lot of wealth if you think about it.
All you have to do is learn to bake or realize that that egg tastes so different than the
egg that you get in the store.
It's really nice.
I love chickens, man.
I'm down with the chicken idea.
I don't know about you.
I have eggs every day in some shape or form.
I love that protein bowl.
Nothing beats it, you know?
Yeah, we just don't have enough.
We don't have the chickens like you do.
We don't have a, we don't have the threshold.
So they're, you're, they're kind of fought for if there's an egg, you know, then I usually
eat it, but usually the kids grab it before I get one.
The thing is our chickens are also Bantam chickens, which means the eggs are about two
thirds, the size of a normal egg, but God damn it, are they good?
They're, they're delish.
Like the yolk is very big as big and then the white is smaller.
Yeah.
That's basically what happens.
They're great.
Anyway, with this being some development, I was going to say there's been some developments
since you were laughing when I was doing the development, what are some of the developments
and give me a list and then we'll talk about them.
Well, you're apparently you're no longer working for the children's health defense.
Are you able to talk about that?
What happened?
Children's health defense on January 4th informed me that the contents of my stream had regularly
interfered with their ability to successfully interact with their partners.
And I think that's pretty close to the language that was used to describe why I and my position
had ended.
And so I guess from the perspective of what happened, I was laid off.
I didn't have a contract that needed to be ended, it had no end point.
And so, you know, if they end a position, they end a position.
I think that's probably a pretty smart way to run an organization like that.
But in terms of understanding really what occurred and how I had encroached on this
relationship with their partners is not really been something that's become clear to me.
I was offered $8 severance package if I would sign a non-disclosure agreement.
And so I just declined that.
And so that's why I feel pretty comfortable saying this.
They don't have anything to do or take away from me.
But I don't know what people would think about that.
I just knew that if I took that money and it helped my family for a little while, but
I couldn't tell everybody how much I took, then, you know, everybody and their mom would
be making up a number that definitely wouldn't have been just $8,000.
And so I didn't see any win there.
So I said no.
And we parted ways.
Since then, I've been back to shaking a can on the internet like you.
I'm not doing it as well as you, but I think that there's a lot of people now who, for
whatever reason, are going to have to try and figure this out.
And I've been successful occasionally with getting a few hours here and a few hours there
where I can consult for somebody for some reason or another.
But overall, I'm still putting all my eggs in this basket of there not being enough voices
in America trying to figure out what really happened and most people are trying to move
on.
And so I think it's, you know, there's a lot of people, and you know this story very well.
There's a lot of people who have been fighting against the vaccine schedule in America for
longer than than than most of us have even known that it might be a question.
And those people, they need to tag out now.
I'm prepared to be a part of this new vanguard of people that's willing to speak out and
say definitively, look, they've never really proved what they claim with regard to these
products.
And I think that a very measured approach in rolling back the requirements in America
and rolling back the time periods that they're given at the very least, no matter where
you are on the spectrum, you can't argue against that.
There is no way to defend what America does to the most young children before they're
six months old.
It just doesn't make any sense.
And so I'm not saying that I'm I think that some vaccines are good and some are bad.
But I'm not wanting to make that decision right now.
And I'm suggesting is there's enough evidence on the table to suggest that what we do in
America can only be described as basically criminal.
And even if you're on the very, I believe in vaccines team, you still have to acknowledge
that you shouldn't be, you know, trying to augment a baby as it's still developing.
And that's just crazy talk.
It's crazy to all right, there you have it.
Let's go back and back.
Let's go back a bit.
So what you described with what CHD told you in my simple brain, it sounds like we don't
believe that you're entitled to free speech.
You don't like what you're saying in your own private time.
And it's upsetting people what we're dealing with.
So we're just going to let you go.
Now that to me just sounds crazy.
Are you not allowed a private life?
Are you not allowed to have private thoughts?
Are you not allowed to share what you think and feel in your own time?
Like, what the hell has that got to do with anything?
And what were you saying or doing on your streaming that was so terrible?
I mean, were you doing an only fans kind of like channel, like, I mean, I wasn't playing
Fortnite or anything like that.
I was reporting about things that had happened.
One particular thing that I found interesting that I reported on, I think, December 23rd,
that may or may not have been involved in this was that I think a couple of days before
the 23rd of December, maybe the 22nd, Robert Malone responded to some random person's tweet
about whether Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was or wasn't qualified to be president.
It was in a thread where Robert Malone had argued that Donald Trump was still the best choice.
And when someone said, you know that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
should be elected president, he said, no.
And his evidence was exhibit one was C.H.D.
And I found that strange for a number of reasons.
The first reason I found it strange was that as I understand the mythology of Robert Malone,
one of the first places that he went for help or assistance was C.H.D.
And he got it, you know, they supported him.
They actually published his book lies my government told me with their partner Skyhorse publishing,
but also under their own, you know, publishing head.
And so I found it strange that he would he was at the other thing is funny.
I was at Bobby's announcement in Boston when he first announced he was
running for president and Robert Malone was two rows in front of me.
So it just seemed a very weird statement to put out on Twitter.
But you know, you can keep telling that story and it goes, it can go even deeper
because the mythology that I was told was that the whole reason why Bobby
Kennedy ever heard about me in the first place was that Robert Malone
sat him down and made him watch my stream with with Charles Ricksy.
And it was this stream that he first saw me and then decided to hire Charles
and I to help him with his book back in April 22.
So it's crazy because this this thing with Robert Malone is along
and weird connection with with Bobby and C.H.D.
and me because the first time I met Robert Malone was not in person,
but actually on Bobby's podcast and then like less than two weeks later,
I met him in person at a C.H.D. conference where he claimed not to remember me
or not to know who I was.
And it's just a very bizarre thing that then a more than a year and a half later,
he's he's pretending as though, you know, Bobby Kennedy is is not qualified
and somehow C.H.D. is evidence of it.
And I was working in C.H.D. at the time.
And the only thing I could say was is that I had been to two conferences.
Everybody that I had met were incredible.
Brian Hooker is a hero.
He's the guy who drove across the United States to to make the C.D.C.
give up the data that revealed the first real evidence that the C.D.C.
knew that these vaccines could be hurting kids and we're covering it up.
And so he's not the only hero that works in that organization.
Lots and lots of the people that work in C.H.D.
are there because they are card carrying parents of vaccine damaged children.
And so it's a it's an organization full of people who've been told no
and we don't believe you and you're crazy and they've been told it a lot longer
than I've been told it.
And so I was humble inside of that organization just happy to be there.
And so I can be very honest and say that I was pretty blindsided when I was told
that I was let go because I I thought I was basically defending C.H.D.
by pointing out that it wasn't fair for I mean, C.H.D.
is the only organization besides ICANN in America that's even remotely trying
to fight for for these causes and fight for these truths.
So I still feel that way.
I still feel like C.H.D. is that kind of organization.
And I still feel like the everybody that I've ever met that works for that organization
is fantastic.
And so I'm bewildered and I'm sad, but it's we don't have time for that.
Our grandkids don't have time for that.
So I've just gotten on with my work and I think you're a guy who can
definitely understand that because you also have been very good at setting an
example of how you just get on with your work.
Yeah, I mean, you have to go over your election is getting very big.
I mean, you have this the wall must be very pretty with all the with all the mug
shots you have.
No, I don't do mug shots and I don't do selfies and I don't know, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
But listen, listen, it doesn't.
No, you're mug shot.
What do you collect for your thumbnails?
I think they're all very well done and very consistent.
So you could make a whole wall.
It would be very nice.
That's what I meant.
I'll explain that in a second.
So basically, yeah, it doesn't make sense why you were let go.
So you're defending C.H.D.
You're pointing out Robert Malone's idiosyncrasies.
He's, you know, he's working with C.H.D.
Or he's being supported by them.
And then suddenly he's turning against them and saying, no, it doesn't make sense.
But you know what, I've got my own history of Robert Malone.
He's a funny man.
He doesn't like me.
God knows why, but it's weird.
I don't know what what's going on there.
And I'm sorry you're caught in the crosshairs and some, you know, there's just
so many egos and politics going on.
I don't think I don't think you should be sorry either.
You shouldn't be sorry either, because it means that I think more, we're more
or less over the target.
Robert Malone is somebody who, when we were still goofing around, trying to
figure out when I was still goofing around, trying to really figure out what
to do with my, with my adult life.
He was already giving speeches in front of the who about fill and fit,
finish technologies for flu vaccines.
And so it's, it's, he's an insider.
He's a person who is connected to, at least connected to the people who are
doing this, whoever that is, if not, I mean, it's just, he knows, he knows more
than he says, he, he, he, he knows that, that gain of function is not possible
in the garage of a bachelor's student in biology, even though he said that in
front of people in your, in your, in your parliament.
I mean, it's just absurd to assert that.
And for that to be his, his ending message, the guy that came on stage to
apparently save us from his own invention.
Now his primary message is that there was a virus and that it could come again
and it'll be worse because it's getting easier.
I don't know.
It's just, it's unfortunate because we cannot let our young adults accept this
mythology.
We, I don't know how to start the crusade, but we've got to rescue these
university kids from this illusion.
We definitely do.
It must be worse over there.
And in some ways, I think because in, I feel like, I feel like in some ways,
every other five eyes country had it harder than America.
If only because there was, there was more permissible with inside, inside
of your own system of laws.
Is that how you see it as well?
I mean, some people locked down in America, not like in the UK and definitely not
like it.
Well, no matter how bad things were in the States, buddy, like the fact is
you've got your federal system.
So the States have got a lot of power and there are these little checks and
balances and you guys have got guns.
And I know it sounds crazy, but all of these things means it limits the reach
of government, the federal state.
They can push, they can nudge, they can cajole, they can coerce, but the
reality is there's so many protections and you've got things like, you know, freedom
of speech, your right to freedom of speech is basic things that are written
in your constitution.
And a lot of other countries like New Zealand and Australia and Britain, we
don't have these rights, Canada.
We don't have these rights.
There's no, you know, there's no such right to freedom of speech in the UK.
So for example, I got completely screwed over recently because of my podcast.
A guest said something about Israel, which are completely true, completely
legitimate.
You know, there are Israeli officials advocating ethnic cleansing of Gaza
and Palestine.
It's on the record.
Was it Dan Cohen?
It was an Eva Bartlett.
So, you know, because I made a clip of that, because I made a clip of that,
put it on my Instagram, you know, the hospitals, I write, we're suspending you.
We don't like the fact you did this and blah, blah, blah.
You know, a complete infringement of my freedom of speech.
I don't have, I don't have any protection.
There's no protection for me.
You know, I can fight, I will, but there's just no system.
And, and, and the UK and New Zealand, it's all homogenous.
It's one state, it's a very powerful state.
And, you know, we don't have guns can protect ourselves.
One of my previous guests, Nigel Watson, made it very clear.
He said, the state has a monopoly of legalized use of force.
OK, so they can get their heavies, their men's with batons and guns and handcuffs.
And if they don't like you, well, for whatever reason, you don't pay your taxes
or you don't do something, they'll come around.
Knock on your door and they can, they can use force from you.
You can't use force back.
This is a situation we're in.
So, you know, but there's also very, very, very sophisticated mind manipulation tools
in the West, you know, we have really fine-tuned the art of brainwashing.
So, for example, in the Far East, in Russia and China, Ukraine, whatever, Iran,
you know what, if you speak against the state, if you upset them,
they will send some big thugs around, you know, dressed up as cops or whatever.
And they'll pop you in prison, they'll disappear you, they'll get some
trumped up charges and you're in jail.
I mean, you know, they can just do that.
They just do that.
It's very blunt out there and they do that shit.
I mean, that's true.
But here in the West, yes, they can do that.
And sometimes they do do that, but most of the time, they're simply using
manipulation.
And guess what?
It's really, really powerful.
So, for example, the ITV channel here in the UK has recently just published this
this movie, a documentary, a drama series.
I don't know if you've heard of it.
It's called something about the pandemic.
Let me find it for you and I'll find the screenshot for you.
And it's complete propaganda.
So basically it's a it's a fake drama about a fake pandemic.
So let me show you this screen.
Look at this, right?
Look at this.
This is one of the doctors pushing it.
So there you go, breathtaking.
That's it.
The story you haven't been told.
The 19th, I saw that on Twitter, but I didn't know it was the movie.
Oh, my God.
It's a drama.
It's a drama, breathtaking, breathtaking.
And but you know what?
I'll be honest with you.
It's complete BS.
It's absolute BS.
And the problem is a lot of people are totally there.
You go ITV all over the place.
And this is the best part.
I don't know if you can see this, right?
Look at this.
If you or anyone you know has been affected by the issues raised in this program,
please visit itv.com advice for support information because have you been triggered?
Are you upset by watching this drama, this fake drama of what might have happened?
And look, the problem is look at these comments.
Let's look at the comments, right?
Heartbreaking when you know the truth.
Oh, what should have happened?
Oh, Lang, oh, sorry.
He's saying the good, the right thing.
Give early treatment.
Yeah, there's me fictional drama about fictional pandemic.
Um, I mean, actually, look, a lot of these are actually calling out the nonsense.
Maybe it's just showing that because it's what
why the hell would you accept this role when it's now mainstream knowledge that it wasn't dangerous?
Oh, OK, the comments are great.
This is making me happy.
All right, people, people are seeing through this.
Look her in the eyes and ask how many people she vaccine damaged.
Oh, dude, this is good.
These are genuine scenes from the height of the pandemic.
All right, look, is this not comforting?
Knowing this, this is public.
This is the public.
They seem to be seeing through the BS and the propaganda.
Well, I'm just saying with that for me, though, is
I'm worried that Twitter can now be used to give you and I that impression.
Yeah, I know.
Wow.
It looks like there's a wave of there's a wave of awakening happening.
We're making progress.
People are watching videos.
I'm worried about that because that that could be a very, very
false impression of what's actually going on.
I worry about that a lot.
No, I agree.
I agree.
That's why I'm trying to translate it off a critter.
But there's so many people there that I still want to stay connected with
and need to follow and so much information is shared there.
But I genuinely hate the place.
I can be honest with you.
I used to hate the place.
So, I mean, you know, the main reasons why I use Twitter is to shout out what I'm
thinking and talk about and you do it well.
You do it well.
You're probably very good at not swimming in the mud.
I mean, involved.
I don't read the I don't read the comments.
I don't reply.
I don't, you know, I just I like Joe Rogan says, I post and ghost.
And I'm not in the habit of looking for the feeds, you know, like scrolling.
I don't do that.
I don't I don't look out other people unless it happens to come across me.
I get bombarded by people every day saying, can you retweet this?
Can you retweet this?
Can you retweet?
I just don't do that.
Like it's just I never say to people, can you please retweet this?
Can you retweet?
That's just like, I just don't want to do that.
Like occasionally something will come across my eye because it just happens to.
You know, when I go on and I'll be like, Oh, that's nice.
And I'll retweet it.
But generally speaking, I post, I ghost, I get out of here.
Cause you know what?
I got too much shit to do.
And the reality is this thing is dangerous is you could waste a whole day
before you know it, just going through shit.
And the reality is I need to post things on and Twitter.
I need to do shorts and clips and post them on my Instagram.
I need to do interviews.
I need to edit them.
I need to write sub stacks.
I need to take care of my kids.
People don't realize.
I think how much time I spend looking after my kids.
I spent a lot of the day looking after my kids.
I mean, just to run it down, JJ, I hope you don't mind.
Like I get up at six, half six at the latest, straight away till nine o'clock.
It's just childcare, you know, pack lunch, breakfast, getting them dressed,
brushing their teeth, getting their bags, getting them in the car.
I mean, it sounds like that's easy.
No, with three young kids, it's hilarious.
You know, you go, right, kids go upstairs, get ready, half an hour later.
You go up, they'll sit around and they're under where playing.
And you're like, what the heck?
We've got five minutes to get to school and you're just still naked.
You know, I mean, it's like herding cats.
And then I dropped them off at school.
And then my day starts at nine, but by 2.30 p.m.
I need to be ready to pick up the kids, take them to after school club,
Jiu Jitsu, kickboxing, make them tea, do bath time, bedtime.
And like, you know, what time is it now?
You know, eight, nine o'clock.
You know, I mean, I don't normally do podcasts in the evening,
but I really wanted to speak to you because you're amazing.
I love you.
And but, you know, like this time of night, I'm normally winding down.
So I've got a very wince short window in which to do some work,
but most of my day childcare, man, it's like, so I don't have time.
I don't have time to be messing around on the phone and reading other things.
And maybe some people think, oh, you know, he never posts what we put up and look at him.
It's not deliberate.
I'm not ignoring people.
It's just, I don't have the time and I don't really do that kind of stuff.
Do you know what I mean?
I think it's a very good principle.
I mean, if you're not setting a pattern of, of, of only, I don't know,
reposting a fingle dang or something like that, then I guess it's okay.
You know, I mean, don't repost anybody.
Um, I wonder what that does for the, the algorithm and how your, your reach would change
if you reposted people or not reposting people and how that could be measured.
Cause that's one of the things I think if we're ever going to, I think, do you,
have you ever heard of this deep federated blogging, microblogging, you know,
where everybody has their own little Twitter that's connected to each other?
Um, there's a, like Mastodon is an app that does that.
Um, and soapbox is another one that does it.
There's, there are ways for us to build a network of Twitter, like servers that
would allow all of us to communicate and follow each other, but then have a more
organic, um, you know, flood of information just from the people you want to hear from.
Um, it's very similar to how peer tube works, where you can have your own video
server, but then connect to other people's video servers so that you can serve their
videos up to.
And so then you make a network of trusted, trusted content producers.
Um, I think peer tube France is probably the best example of that.
That's probably the biggest peer tube server there is, but they, that's a pretty impressive
example.
Um, I don't know, but maybe that's the way we need to go forward, but for now, um, for
now, I think well, you're, you're sort of, um, angle, if I can say it that way of, of
trying your best to let people speak for themselves, um, is, is doing really well.
I think that's unfortunately for, for people that maybe didn't get what they wanted
out of an interview with you, like maybe that's how Robert Malone feels.
I don't know.
I thought it was a great interview.
Um, if he feels like he didn't get what he expected or wanted, it's, it's really not because
of the questions that you asked.
It's, I don't know.
It's, they're always, I don't know.
I feel like you're a pretty straightforward guy.
You're not too, not too, um, not too pushy on anybody and you're doing a really, uh, nice job.
And so I would say, I have to thank the MI six.
The MI six have done a great job coaching me.
Right.
They're after effect.
I mean, they're after effects team is fantastic.
Right.
Listen, you mentioned something about, um, I can.
And before that, you're saying, like, you know, the people who have been in anti vaccine
movement or promoting like common sense.
And it's time to like tag them or something, to tag out or whatever.
Are you talking about people like Dell big tree and stuff like that?
Are you talking about those kind of?
No, I don't think any, I don't think he, I don't think he needs tagging out.
But I think if you looked, for example, at the people who are actually in the movie
vax, those parents who, who fought before I can really became something and fought
before CHD became something, those parents are still fighting.
Those parents are still touring around and they're still talking and they're
still testifying.
Yeah, my son is real and he still is messed up.
And, and to me, it's really time for.
There have to be more people like you and me who, for whatever blessings and luck,
don't have a devastatingly damaged child from any of these products, but understand the biology
well enough to know that these parents aren't crazy and that their kids were actually damaged
by them and, and start to, you know, really move this ball forward.
And I think it's, it's parents like you and me with, with lucky enough to have three
beautiful kids, all of whom are for whatever twisted reason, fully vaccinated, I don't
know what else to say other than we need to, to, to take the lead here now and, and, and
start to contribute to this movement because they've already done a decade, a decade of
blood, sweat and tears that have gotten the ball this far.
Now COVID's given us this opening and they're not going to be the ones who push it because
they're the ones who are like Andrew Wakefield, you've interviewed him, but nobody's going
to take him seriously because of the 10 years media campaign that permanently brainwashed
people not to take him seriously irrespective of how much logic and sense comes out of his
mouth time after time that the cameras put on it.
We need new people to, to say that those people were right.
And that can include people like David Resnick and, and, and, and people who questioned viruses
before this one.
We really do.
All of us need to be humble.
And I think that's, that's what you've been able to manage to do very well.
And I think it's the line that I'm at least consciously trying to walk.
You want to get angry and you want to have a fire, but you also want to be humble and
you don't know everything.
We definitely do everything.
I definitely don't know everything.
I mean, to be honest, I, I just have so many questions.
I reached out to my supporters.
I had some questions on my own and, you know, all the doctors in the UK that were pushing
the COVID vaccine and flu vaccine and childhood schedule vaccine.
I wrote an open letter on my sub stack saying, guys, come on my, come on my show, you know,
come on, just let's have a chat, you know, I'll be honest with you.
I, I don't trust any of this stuff, but you clearly do.
So let's, let's smash it out.
Tell me why you believe in this and you want, I'm not going to trip you up here.
All my questions turned out to be a hundred and one questions turned out to be more than
I saw.
And they're the funny thing is we could have gone longer.
We could have got, we could have added more questions and, you know, like, for example,
today, someone said to me, you know, just ask them this one question, name one ingredient
in a vaccine that is beneficial to your health that, you know what, you would want that ingredient
in your body.
But you take it as a supplement, name one, one ingredient and change it.
I was like, geez, man, I mean, I have to give it out to him Darren Nesbitt, right?
He's the writer of the light newspaper here in the UK is a musician by background and
he set up this newspaper called the light.
And so he was on my podcast.
He was like, that's my one question.
And I was like, that's a goddamn good question, you know, name one ingredient you would one
from any vaccine and say, yeah, I would take that as a pill and a supplement.
I can't think of anything.
Can you think of anything?
No, I think even more important you should make sure that you say that you wouldn't take
it as a pill or a supplement, but that you would want them to inject in you because that's
what they do.
Exactly.
And it's an extra important, mm hmm.
Yeah.
Anyway, so I'm moving on.
I've been speaking to a few people and my, you know, one of the things, like I said, I'm
on this journey of trying to figure out what's going on.
Was there a virus?
Was there not?
Was there a pandemic?
I don't think there was a pandemic in the sense that there was a deadly pandemic killing
lots of people, infecting lots of people.
The way it was geographically, you know, fixed along state lines and countries and borders.
That's really weird how you had these weird outbreaks.
I mean, people are flying shooting around the world and like it wasn't spreading like
a natural infection.
It wasn't.
It doesn't.
I mean, the all cosmetality in most, most countries in 2020 was like a nothing burger.
And actually all cosmetalities only gone up in the last, you know, year two.
So 2020 wasn't really a pandemic as far as I'm concerned.
I don't care about the official definition of a pandemic and whether it was called a pandemic
by the who or not.
To me, it wasn't a pandemic, but there was, I feel still, honestly, JJ, there was something
because I had something in 2020 in January.
I had something like I never had before.
I got really unwell at this barking dry cough.
I can tell you why, because my wife was very sympathetic, she would say, can you stop
coughing like that?
And I was like, I can't help it.
And it was this dry, sharp cough.
And then it went, I got better than it went to my chest.
Then I got really unwell and I lost sense of smell for like four months.
And I've never had that.
I mean, I had a raging fever.
It was weird.
Did you say four months?
Yeah, I lost sense of smell for four months.
You lost smell for four months.
Yeah.
That must have sucked.
That's me.
That's lame.
I couldn't taste anything.
Like it was everything that's bland, right?
It was bland.
Everything was bland.
And then when it came back, I was like, Oh my God, I can taste the game.
So I mean, it could have been a fluke.
It could have been a cold.
People say you lose your senses, but I've never had anything like that.
So I kind of think there was something, but, you know, what it was.
Was it radiation?
Was it toxin?
Was it EMS?
Was it, like you said, the viral clones?
I'm open to all of that kind of stuff.
Was it what kind of a med student or what kind of a doctor were you?
Are you a guy that?
Were you really fired up about being a surgeon and like, you know, showed up on
time and early and fired up in the room and got scrubbed in before everybody
else and whatever?
Because in that mindset, if you would have gotten sick like this, you'd have
still gone in, right?
You'd have still showed up for class or you would have been at your
internship for sure.
And you would have not registered as well as you did now.
I'm not saying that you encountered this before.
I can't argue with that, but I know from an American's perspective that we
would have gone to work and we would have tried to ignore the symptoms no
matter how bad they were because we use our sick vacation.
And so when you're told by the, the, the TV that any little symptom could be
evidence of a deadly disease that you might not die from, but your grandma
might now all of a sudden it's something I've never had before.
The details are very fine.
And, you know, so I, I don't argue.
I only suggest that the intense media hype would encourage all of us, even
the smartest of us to reclassify what we would have before the pandemic
probably tried our best to ignore.
Yeah.
But the thing is this was all pre pandemic before it was even, like this was
January, where before anything was even hitting the news and the TV.
And I still went to work except like the two days when I had a raging fever and I
couldn't go, I'll be honest with you.
You're 100% right.
I was like, I need to get home and work and blah, blah.
And two days out of fever, I was like, I'm not too unwell to go.
And I would just like for like three weeks, just just carry on.
And the funny thing is, my wife never got anything.
My kids never got anything.
And my patients never got anything.
No one at work got anything.
I was like, what is this?
And it's funny.
It was like my accountant, I had gone to my accountant during this period.
My counter was like, man, you look like shit.
You're shivering.
I was like, yeah, I think I might have a fever.
I was like sweating.
He was like, you're, you're sweating.
You're on.
I was like, I'm no.
And then he, and then he, and then four months later, he went,
to my books to my books.
Yeah, I was like, doctor, exactly.
But honestly, I swear to God, like four, five months later, he rang me and said,
I think you had COVID when you came to my office.
Nice.
You give it to him.
Was he blaming you?
No, he never had it.
Never got it for me.
No, it's not weird.
I don't understand.
Like, how does that work?
Like, no, I, I, I have lots of theories and lots of cartoons.
I can draw, but I think it's all very tempting and it gets you into a trap where
you're getting into specifics that we can't know where.
Yeah.
I think the, the thing that you started out with is the most important thing to always
recall is that is there a reason for us to have to explain something?
And, and, and I don't, I don't know.
I like Paul Alexander's take that if we had done nothing in 2020, we would have
noticed nothing in 2020.
Um, and there may have been something that went around that some people got
really sick, but then never would have been on the news and, and nobody would
have complained about it.
Um, but something happened in, in New York.
I mean, you're aware of Jessica Hawkins work or, or her, her spiel that there's
this peak that looks like a bomb went off.
And then it goes right back down to baseline.
Um, and never comes back.
Mm.
And that's an extraordinary event, um, that at least I know in America was
definitely used by the PBS NewsHour and everybody to project.
And you guys know well in the UK projections were very important in terms
of getting the worst case scenario accepted early on.
And it's the same as that lumber day area.
It feels like a bomb went off there.
So what do you think?
What, what did happen?
Did a biological bomb go off?
Was there dispersals?
I mean, aerosols.
I mean, what the frack happened?
You know, I do know that, um, that very recently, Sasha Latopova has speculated
that the DOD released, um, a toxin of some kind.
I just heard her on Shannon Joy, um, speculate that there was no pandemic,
but in order to see the narrative of a pandemic, the US DOD released some kind
of neurotoxin like James Giordano explained.
I don't, I don't think that's a very good set of, of assumptions, but that's
definitely been, she definitely speculated that way.
I, I don't, I'm kind of of the opinion that really dumb ideas can
account for almost all of this.
Um, I don't know how you feel.
Yeah.
I, the thing is, the way I feel is I'm very wary of people who are very
confident and saying, this is a problem.
This is the reason why everything happened.
Um, you know, um, and, and this is a cause.
You know, they're, they're happy pinning their flag to one mass.
And I'm very wary of that.
I just, like when people say this is it, this, this is a 100%.
I'm like, man, really just keep an open mind.
Just keep an open mind.
Let's stick to basics.
All cause mortality.
Was there a pandemic in the true sense?
No, um, did something happen?
Yes, some dodgy shit was going on.
Did we have some dodgy host hospital protocols?
Yeah.
Did people die earlier than planned because of remdesivir and medazalam
and morphine and the protocols and the intubations?
Yeah.
Was there bad coding, well, deliberately bad coding, miscoding,
labeling people with COVID deaths?
Yeah.
Was there still this massive all spike cause and all spike outside all
cause mortality spike in 2020?
No, despite all this, right?
And, but you, it's almost like the people who were going to die.
We rushed them along a little bit and said, look, all these people who died,
but actually they were probably would have died anyway.
Right.
So overall in that year, it wasn't any more than normal.
You look at the average age of people who died.
They're over the off COVID.
They were over the average age of life expectancy.
They're like 82 or 80 or something like that.
You know, so when you look at these and then, and what else can you tell?
You can tell that, you know, medical ethics went out the window and
informed consent wasn't existing.
There was dodgy trials when it came to these so-called vaccines.
They aren't vaccines.
They're gene therapies.
You know, manufacturing process was different when it was a mass rollout.
Um, they, they gave the placebo group the shots that totally
contravened what they're meant to be doing, even with the EUA application.
And it just goes on and on and on.
I mean, these are the knowns.
So the unknowns we can speculate, but don't, don't say this is it.
So for example, there's another guy who's out there.
He's written a book now.
So I think, you know, he's really pinned his flag to this mass, which is you
can account for everything because of the bolus thing.
See, you know, basically.
Are you telling me that Mark Giridot has a book?
Yes.
Does he really have a book?
Oh, no, you've got a book now and he's pushing everything because of the bolus.
And not just that.
He goes, all vaccines, all the vaccine injuries, pretty much majority of them
are because of the bolus problem.
If you fix the bolus, if you aspirate and slowly inject this toxin, you can
get rid of most of your complicated.
I mean, how dangerous is this stupid theory?
Wow.
That is spectacular.
He's been pushing that in Panda for a couple of years now.
Right.
And I've, I've had a number of shouting arguments with him about it.
Um, it's just unfortunate.
I don't understand how he can be so.
And it's not that I've ever argued that, that it couldn't play a role.
It's not that I've ever argued that, that there isn't a difference between true
intramuscular or true subcutaneous or true intravenous injection.
They are different.
Um, but this he ties a bunch of interesting things together that are
actually not related, like the effect that, that bodybuilders feel when they
inject their steroids in the wrong place, or it just like, then I don't
get wrong.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, there's, there's, look, there's definitely like, it's interesting.
I would say that's interesting.
Maybe 5% of the problems we're seeing are down to this.
Maybe we need to look further into it.
We need to get a study and analyze it and scientifically prove it.
But it just, like I said, it's this, there's too many people out there who are
just like, this is what it's all about.
This is the, this I've cracked the code.
And I don't know whether it's ego or what, but people really get captured
in their own ideas.
And it's just like, man, just can't, can't, can't miss the mammoth.
Anyway, you know, what I wanted to ask you was what's really interesting is,
look at this picture I was going to show you.
Um, who's got the most biological labs around the world?
Which country is the most?
You know, what's this map going to look like?
Can you see it?
US biolabs around the world.
Right.
I mean, it's US bio.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we have a lot of those.
I mean, look at that.
I mean, this is like in 25 countries.
And, and by the way, in some countries, for example, in Ukraine, I might be wrong,
but it was anywhere between 18 to 25.
So when you see one of these hazard bio, hazard signs,
yeah, but those were all those were all associated with, um, with Nathan
Wolf and, and meta biota and Hunter Biden.
So they're totally okay.
I mean, they were all, I mean, that's all fine.
We know those guys, those are Americans that have already been checked on the list.
They're fine.
We don't, you can ignore that.
Those guys, yeah, they're good guys.
I mean, like, but I mean, I mean, like, so it's crazy.
You know, the question I want to ask is, why does the US have bio labs in 25 countries
and in some countries and some instances more than one?
So we're talking about a lot of labs doing a lot of weird shit.
What is it up to or or it's also possible that it could be labs where they,
they pay some random guy to go sit in a room and, and fax things around and
make it seem like there's all these labs.
And only a couple of them might be doing something useful, like the one at four
Dietrich or the one in the Rocky Mountain laboratories.
And then now you have this illusion that's just sitting, look at all these bio labs.
They've got, he only need one.
If you're just going to make a, make a sequence and distribute it.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to play devil's advocate.
I know we have a lot of labs.
I know I've seen that map before, but, but I wonder to what extent these are real
versus just, I don't know, cover for basic arms smuggling or people
smuggling or whatever other crap that they do.
I'm not saying America's got some kind of, you know, otherwise untarnished record.
I'm just saying that the I still am seeing worst case scenario everywhere.
And it's a, it's a fake worst case scenario.
And this, these bio weapon labs might be part of that fake work worst case scenario.
I mean, Nathan Wolf, he's either a really serious
biology, you know, insightful thought, thought leader among among very smart people,
or he's a stooge.
And my guess is he's a stooge.
He's got a book.
He's, he's associated with, with Jazane Maxwell's, whatever fake UN thingy thing.
She did planet Terra Mar or something like that.
I don't know who we're talking about.
I don't even know who this, I don't even know who this person is.
Remember, Nathan, Nathan, we were talking about Nathan Wolf because he's got associations
with a lot of these Ukrainian laboratories.
And Nathan Wolf was a gain of function, virology, seller of mythology back before it was cool.
Already in 2011, he had a book called, I was looking for it.
Mm.
I see, I see, I see, I see a mask out of it.
And he was already the guy, his company pioneered metagenomic sequencing, which is taking
very tiny fragments of genomic material purported to be found in nature and reassorting them
into, into new discoveries in life.
He gave old TED talks about how there was this black, what did he call it?
He called it black biology or dark biology from which he was going to discover many new
life forms and basically what he meant was metagenomic sequencing, finding viruses.
And so that started already a way, way, you know, a decade ago with this guy who, who,
yeah, has ties to a lot of the highest parts of this, of this show from the UN to
a lot of these vaccines.
It's so complicated.
I'm just, I don't know, sometimes I feel like I'm just, what am I doing?
I'm navigating through this shit show called life.
I mean, I was under the impression that, you know, the evil cabal wants to get a one world
government going.
I, you know, I had the thought today.
I don't know what you think of this.
I actually think to have the one world government, I think they've got it.
They've actually got it.
You know, there, there's, there are people, the Mafia and the East and the West.
They're all at the table.
They're all jostling and fighting amongst each other.
But who's going to be top dog?
And all they haven't done is publicly say, this is a one world government.
If you think about it, we're all slaves.
We're all financial slaves.
Tax burden is humongous.
90%, you know, plus socially we're conditioned.
Psychologically, we're manipulated.
We're soft.
We seek comfort.
We don't want to be responsible for anything.
We're consuming garbage and gloop.
We're sick and dying.
And I'm and they're in charge.
And everywhere you go, no matter where you go in the world, it's the same
shit happening in the past.
People left for America because things were really bad in their home countries.
And they were, we're going to the land of the free, you know, you could, you could pack
I mean, you didn't go to America because the land was paved with gold.
You know, the roads, it's because things are so shit back home.
You would literally put everything in your suitcase and leave.
But now where would you leave?
Where would you go?
Like everywhere is the same.
And the reality is we've got this.
I think we were already there.
We already got this one world government.
It's just not opening.
Well, you're frightening me.
I mean, we have we have this discussion a lot because my wife is Dutch and she has
a absolutely fantastic, beautiful, extended family in Holland.
And you may or may not be aware, but I'm not really speaking to my parents right now
because they think I'm an idiot and my brother does too.
And so you haven't told me that.
I'm sorry about that.
Oh, it's OK.
But it does make it interesting that we moved to America thinking that me and my
kids and my wife would be closer to my American family for the first time since
we became a family.
And then that ended pretty abruptly with the pandemic.
And now there's a lot less holding us here in America.
But the Netherlands is 17 plus million people with huge immigration issues and cultural
integration issues.
And it's surrounded on all sides by other countries with the same problems.
And so the what used to be in my mind, like, I could not believe how lucky I was to do
my PhD in Amsterdam from like to thought.
I mean, just the time that I was there was like maybe the best the best time ever to be
a resident of that city.
And I walked away with a beautiful Dutch woman in love with me and in love with her in a way
we went.
But going back there, I don't feel the same like, Oh, my gosh,
I would never think like I'm going to get on the plane right now.
In fact, we would have already probably, um, we had the excuse to leave a couple of times
already, but it's just not the same place.
It was 10 years ago when we met or 20 is his time.
It's not, man, 20 years ago, 20 years ago, it's our 10th on the right anniversary this
year.
I mean, the thing is Holland's in a bad place.
I mean, the war on the farmers, Holland, Germany, I mean, Ireland, I mean, it's everywhere
in Europe.
I mean, I speak to a lot of guests.
Have you been able to talk to anybody related to that?
Have you ever been, have you done any interviews with people related to those movements?
No, not yet.
Not yet.
I do want to, but I haven't got around to it yet.
I know a farmer and he's got some links.
I haven't just got around to it.
I mean, the reality is JJ, I mean, I'm booked up to me right now with my podcast and I'm
backlogged as well.
And I've just had so many guests that wanted to speak.
And you're not a farmer, although you are a chicken farmer.
You are a chicken farmer, but, you know, doesn't, might not qualify you to fully understand
all the subtleties of global agriculture, though.
Yeah, but I know a little bit about a lot of things, you know, and I know roughly what's
going on.
And there's a war and farming, a war on food, and I'm worried about what they're trying
to do.
They're trying to create like everything, a shortage, and then the crisis.
And then, you know, you create the problem.
You have a reaction.
They have a solution.
The solution is you eat gluten, you eat insect burgers, you live in these 15 minute cities.
You have universal basic income and you'd be thankful to the state and you plug in and
watch social media and porn and Netflix and whatever else.
And you don't question the state and you'd be grateful for the state.
You roll up your arm, you take your shot, you have this army of workers that just work
in these complexes and the elites live in their parkland, you know, the states, the
size of Luxembourg, you know, jetting around in their planes and helicopters while we all
walk everywhere and cycle everywhere.
I mean, that's, I think that's ultimately what they want.
It's interesting you said about your Dutch wife.
You know, my wife has got Dutch roots.
She's a Dutch wife as well.
Her family came.
Yeah, her family came over to the UK.
About 200 years ago, but from Holland, they were Dutch Jewish family and then they converted
to Christianity.
Yeah, my wife, you know, it's got Dutch roots.
So I was speaking to several of my guests and they've all moved, like a lot of them
have actually moved to Mexico and they were in the States, they were in Europe or whatever.
And then another in Mexico thinking they would be freer there and they go, it's better
and it's, you know, it's a lot freer than Europe or whatever.
But they all say the same thing, which is we can see it coming.
The transgender, the 15-minute cities, the language and the policies, the politicians
at the top level are all saying the same thing.
So while locally, at the bottom, you know, you've still got conservative values, you've
got, you know, they're Christian or whatever, they're a little bit more, you know, just
conservative.
But you can see the agenda, you can see the media, you can see the politicians all pushing
what the WEF are pushing and they're saying it's just a matter of time.
We're just five, 10 years behind America or Europe and they're scared because they're
like, where do we go now?
Like literally, what do you do?
Go into the Amazon jungle?
Like where, where can you run to?
Where can you go?
And it's like, I don't know.
I feel like maybe we need to running away as an answer.
We need to dig in our heels and we need to confront the beast and fight it everywhere
we are, you know, and resist and it has to be at a local community level.
I don't believe in saviors.
I don't think RFK, junior or Trump or anyone else is going to save us.
I don't believe in any of these figures.
I'll be honest with you.
I know it might upset some of the listeners.
I don't think any of these people are the good guys.
And even if they are the good guys on their own, they can't do jack shit.
Nope.
And in fact, I don't think they, I mean, the way that this puppet show works is obviously
beyond me, but even the most optimistic person has to be realistic enough to understand that
to reach the level of national notoriety is not accidental.
And this day and age.
And more importantly, we need to understand that even if they're not completely deciding
who rises up, they are using the people who rise up for particular purposes.
And even if you rise up, it could be, it could be very easily that somewhere or another,
they could use you for how they want to use you unless you're keenly aware of it.
And you know, they can still put us in a situation in a half a year where all the grocery stores
are empty.
And the only way to get your rations is to sign up for a digital ID.
And that means that you can't stream anymore.
I mean, how hard would it be for them to do this?
This is what bothers me the most is that there are scenarios where I feel as though, you
know, whatever way we're clawing forward right now can be completely stopped.
And so we've got to act while we still can't.
I really think that's why your work is so important, my mind's so important, why a lot
of these, you know, these few people that are still clinging to the notion that we need
to wake up and we miss something, we really need to push hard because I don't think this
window is going to be open for very much longer.
Sadly, I agree.
I agree.
And I think, I think unfortunately, things are going to get tough before they get better.
I don't think these evil kebau baddies are going to win ultimately because if they were
that powerful and they were going to be successful, they would have done it already.
Right.
It's as simple as that.
I like that.
It would have been.
It would have been happened.
We'd be.
They actually can.
And a lot of it is with despite all their money and power and heavies, you know, they're
ultimately the wizards of all's, you know, behind the curtain, they're weak, pathetic,
you know, sociopathic, psychopathic, probably squabbling amongst each other, petty, pathetic,
soulless, godless, and there's nothing good about them.
Right.
So they can't be successful in the long term.
They can be bullies and they can, they can have grandiose ideas about what they want
to achieve.
But I don't even think they're happy.
They aren't there.
What kind of people are these?
They're not happy.
So they're not going to win, but I think the lesson for humanity is unless the rest of
us wake up and take responsibility and be real, true human beings who love and experience
life and enjoy living and, you know, are happy in the now, not, oh, I'm going to work
and then I'll be happy once I retire kind of mentality or, you know, I'll work hard
now and, and I'll do this stupid job that I don't like and I'll pay off this and, and
then, you know what, I'll go on a holiday and then I'll be happy because I went on my
holiday.
And no, no, no, we need to stop all this.
We need to, we need to take charge of our lives now.
We single one of us and take responsibility.
We need to embrace the discomfort.
We need to be happy every day that God gives us.
We need to fight for everything.
We need to not be soft.
We're not, we should not seek comfort and a lot of that comfort, discomfort is mental.
I don't mean physical.
I don't mean like in the cold or hunger.
I think a lot of people find discomfort in making decisions and having to think or being
challenged in their world of you.
And a lot of people shy away from this discomfort and go, I don't want to, I don't want to,
I don't want to think, I'm going to abdicate this discomfort of thinking to the TV, to
the news channel, to the government.
And you know what, that's now more comfortable and I can relax.
No, no, no, you know what, discomfort's nice.
It's good.
That's why I do an ice cold bath every morning.
I love, I love it.
You know, that's why I went for a hard run.
I've never done that.
Oh dude, you should.
Oh my God, you should, right, seriously start doing it, man, it would change your life.
That's why I went for the run today.
It was pelting down the rain.
I mean, last night I said to my wife, I'm going for a run to tomorrow.
Even if it rains, lo and behold, it was raining hard and it was a muddy run and I was sliding
around and I even fell once, JJ, it was hilarious.
Thankfully, no one was there to witness me in this muddy field, but I fell and landed
on my side.
I was coated in mud.
But it's fine.
It was tough.
It was cold.
It was miserable in some respect, but it was really enjoyable in another respect.
It was fun and I think people need to do that.
They need to just stop being softy.
And then then you take charge of your life, you know, then you don't need to stay anymore.
Then you can go screw you.
And I think I was speaking to someone who was from a communist country and he was saying,
you know, Ahmed, when we lived in a communist country, we didn't protest.
We didn't go out on the streets with banners and protest against the government.
No, no, no, no, no.
You get locked up if you did that.
Now what we did was we ignored the state and we created an underground economy, an underground
culture, an underground network, an underground community and we would contact and deal and
we basically sidelined, you know, the government and the state and I thought, that's the way
you do it.
You create parallel structures, you know, just bypass them.
So I'll give you a quick example.
I'm sorry for ranting for so long.
I really want you to speak for a while.
But basically, you know, don't get your news source or information from mainstream media
anymore.
Don't just don't watch their bullshit news channels, you know, not even I used to do
I'm guilty of let me just log in and let me just read the headlines.
Do you know what?
I don't even do that now.
And okay, maybe that means one or two days I'm out of the loop and I missed the headlines
until someone tells me and I'm like, oh, I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking
about.
King Charles has got cancer.
I'm like, really?
I don't know.
Oh, it's all over the news.
I was like, no idea, dude.
It's like, I don't want to consume their crap.
So you know what, consume your news from people like you or from me or some independent media
outlet, like Dan Cohen and all these other people go go there and food.
Don't go to the supermarket.
Go get your food from your local farm or your local community.
You know what?
Don't go to the hospital and get jobs.
Stay fit and healthy yourself.
Find local naturopath.
How big of a town do you live in?
Is it a big city?
I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
It's because I feel like Pittsburgh is really like on this cusp of where we can still sign
up for local farm produce and we can still sign up for meat from a local farm.
But I wonder how people in bigger cities, I don't think it's so easy for them to do
that.
And I think that's going to be where most of the pain is felt in the coming six months
or a year or cities where people can't get out, they can't escape.
And they can't even have three chickens in their backyard because they don't have one.
I agree.
I live in a village, sandwiched between two small towns.
Oh, nice.
That's nice.
Yeah.
It's nice.
And, you know, opposite my house, it's just the field.
Did the small towns play each other in football and fight about that or not really?
No, really.
Not really.
But I, honestly, I would love to have a homestead or a ranch in the States, 20 acres, goats,
chickens, go hunting.
It's coming.
Eat deer.
Where would I go though?
I mean, I was thinking.
Savvania is a perfect place, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania.
We still have elk.
You definitely want to come to Pennsylvania and it's not quite crowded as some of it.
It's still close to the East Coast.
You won't be flying quite so far when you want to go home.
Pennsylvania is a good place.
Maybe we can organize it in the same town.
See, that's how we would do it.
You'd want to group colonize someplace, wherever you went, you know, you'd want to
go to a small town with like you and me and Mike Eden and Danny Rancor and a few other
people and then we all bring our families to one place and take over the school board.
That's, that would be ideal.
Dude, I actually want to start.
I'm seriously thinking about homeschooling as well.
This is what I mean.
I'm not laughing.
I know what you're facing over there in the UK, but here it's very much.
I, we, we talk about it a lot.
The problem is, is that it would fall on my wife probably and that's a big still a daunting
idea for her.
My, our oldest son is going to be in high school next year.
So he's going to be, yeah, it's, it's, I'm blowing my mind.
It would fall on me.
It would fall on me and I think I would enjoy it.
I think it would, it would mean I would have to stop doing so many podcasts, but I think
a lot of my listeners would be like, thank God for that because you're putting too
much content out and keep getting to what I'm doing too much.
Um, but yeah, I, I just look at what they're doing in the schools.
There's a head teacher, retired head teacher here called Hugh McCarthy and Northern Ireland.
It's one of the, you know, four countries that make up the UK and he was talking about
like, you know, the agenda from the who, like what they want to teach the kids.
And this is like, like you can find it online, the who like, I can't remember the document
name, but talking about like young kids, like four or five teaching them how to masturbate
or get pleasure from their, you know, sexual, when then talking about their gender and things
are just inappropriate, man, like really inappropriate.
Like, let children be children.
Like whoever's writing this is a really twisted fracker.
If you ask me, right, seriously twisted fracker and like, you don't want that for your kids.
You want them to live in innocence for as long as possible and just enjoy life and things
will get really shit when they get older.
They've got plenty of time to know all that, but confusing kids, things like gender and
this and that.
I mean, the way I look at it, I'm, I'm sorry, like anybody who's pushing kids with this
whole gender indoctrination, it's child abuse.
It's simple as that.
Yeah, I agree.
Absolutely.
It is.
I mean, there's a million reasons why it's wrong, but what you're, what, what I think
is at the heart of it is the idea that anybody is in need of a fix.
If anybody is born imperfect somehow and it's something that, that mankind has a fix for
it.
It is really a slippery slope that we have come very far down already where somehow or
another where they want us to believe that we're at the cusp of, of, of accepting all
of it.
And I don't think that's true at all.
They want us to believe that, but I don't think there are very many grown adults with
children that believe this and the ones that do just need, as you said, to be corrected
because it's child abuse.
And we need to speak pretty clearly about it.
I think few, very few people that are given a microphone are, are courageous enough to
speak about it.
But if you have children, then you must know.
And if you don't know and you have children, then you're abusing them.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
So it's terrible.
And you know the way I was saying this before, I was waiting for this to come back in my
mind.
And I'm glad that it did.
I really think that for you and I, one of the things to think about with that particular
issue is to think back when we were kids.
And I know that there are two people in my high school memories that I would designate
as having been gay boys, and they probably knew it when they were in high school.
And everybody else knew that they were different or that they liked other boys, but they never
really explicitly said it.
Yeah.
What I'm, what I would suggest is that those people would have been very much vulnerable
to a narrative where you're not gay, you're a woman trapped in a boy's body.
And so we should, we should stop your puberty.
Yeah.
And we should change your body where in my imagination, you could convince a lot of these
kids not to do that by, I'm not sure if I should say this on your show.
You can always, you can always take it off.
But some, some part of me questions the idea that any of these kids are in touch with their
sexuality enough to know that their sexuality is incorrect.
And if any of these kids that are gotten to before they themselves discover their own
bodies, before they've had an orgasm, it's an extraordinary thing to, to draw a conclusion
on before you've even explored how the machinery works, maybe your body hasn't even
gone through the changes to tell you how this machinery works yet.
And so to already be encouraging children to doubt that is just phenomenal.
And I think a lot of these teenage girls and teenage boys who are masquerading as, as transgender
could be cured of it with a weekend of, of, of coached exploration of their own sexuality.
And they'd probably find out worst case scenario of their homosexual because their equipment
works fine and it feels pretty good and I don't really want to mess with it.
Yeah, but it's funny you should say that I, you know, I heard someone say this whole transgender
thing is in some way quite homophobic because a lot of the people, it is, of course it is.
Yeah.
This is what I'm talking about.
It's terrifying.
It's terrifying to think of all these kids when I was younger and even people that I
met in college that were very sure they were gay.
When they were younger, they would have been targeted for this and they would have been
confused by adults that were sure this is real and that's frightening to me.
That's really frightening to me.
So I think, I think the agenda is, I mean, let's talk about the etiology.
I think the etiology is multifactorial.
I think there's definitely something in the food and the water and these plastics, these
hormone disruptors.
So that's changing things.
Then if you look at the diet and vegan diet and whatnot, and then, you know, these estrogens,
you've got these estrogen, you know, type foods.
I mean, I had someone called Jay Riggley on who was talking about that.
I need to publish that podcast, but basically you've got these really analogs to estrogen
and they're affecting men and boys and girls and they're feminizing the boys out there.
So you've got that, you've got the food, you've got the diet, you've got the toxins.
And then you've got the cultural societal thing.
I feel like the gay community felt like, you know what, we need to be activists.
A lot of them are very progressive leftists, right?
And that's constant revolution.
You know, we want our rights.
Now they've got everything.
I mean, gays have got the rights and everything they wanted.
And then it's like, well, what's the next thing?
What do we do to justify our existence?
You know, these charities, these organizations are pushing gay rights.
How can they justify the funding, their jobs, their stat?
Well, let's just now it's trans, now it's LGBTQ plus, you know, it's one translate.
So they've then pushed the agenda and then, and then just the state likes it, big farmer
likes it because you've got patients for life.
You go down the medical industrial complex, you get puberty blockers, you get surgery.
And also the state loves it because you're dependent on the state.
You tell these kids, you know, your parents might not understand you, but we will.
The government, the parents might not be there for you, but you can talk to us and
we'll be there to support you.
So ultimately, what does this whole thing do?
It disrupts and breaks up the family unit.
Now, if you also believe in the depopulation agenda, guess what?
If you've got a whole bunch of kids who've transitioned, sexually not functioning,
reproduction wise can't produce kids anymore.
Well, great.
They're not going to be making babies.
I mean, the whole thing, I mean, I just think it's very complicated.
There's lots of little webs here, you know, another issue.
I would agree with you.
And I'm glad that you brought up the environmental toxicity in the whole story
because I do think that there's reason to believe that some of this shift has to
do with disruption of normal development from these materials.
But it still doesn't change the biology that we can't fix it.
If there's a little boy who was exposed to the wrong chemicals and now is a little bit
androgynous, we can't fix that by mutilating him or by giving him drugs that will further
throw him off of a natural course of development.
That's not ways to fix this.
And that's the part that I find most disturbing is that the puberty blocking is just such
a ridiculous term for disrupting normal endocrine development.
And it can't be set right again.
Those changes are permanent and disrupted permanently.
And the disfigurement that they are calling reassignment surgery is just that.
It's disfigurement.
It's no different than if you believed that your legs should be on your head.
And they then sewed it on your head.
They haven't fixed a problem.
And so, yeah, it's diabolical.
It's malevolent.
It's yucky.
So, listen, before we wrap up, JJ, tell me, what are you doing now?
You've got your live stream.
Have you got a sub stack yet?
I have a sub stack where I put my transcript of my live stream and a published version
with subtitles of the video there.
It's not really, it's kind of a repeat, but it's easier for people than Twitch.
And it has the transcript so people can use some of the text, which is that people are
starting to like that.
And I'm trying to work on a review to kind of follow up on some of the work that I've
been doing over the last three years and summarize some of these big, big, big ideas
about the biology and how it's been distorted.
I think kind of in a similar way that you did with your, you know, I've got a million
questions for you doctors who have endorsing this stuff.
I want to kind of add my own little thing that somebody like Mark Bailey has already
done.
Somebody like Steph and Lanka has already done.
I want to add another piece to this puzzle of virology and how it's been distorted into
a mythology that they're trapping us in.
So I've got a lot of shout outs to give and a lot of hat tips to give to the people that
have come before us.
But I think there are some pieces to this puzzle that I and others have been able to
add during the pandemic that need to be tacked on so that the whole big picture is really
in one place.
So I think that I don't know how far away I am.
Yeah, Steph and Lanka.
Yeah.
I mean, he's an interesting character.
So he was a virologist who turned his back on virology and said the whole thing's a joke
and there's no such thing as viruses.
That's massive.
It is huge.
I mean, there's no question about it.
I mean, and his opinion and his writing has to be taken seriously.
And I think it's just a, it's part of this bigger picture that I've been trying to lay
out on my stream is that my conclusion in a broad sense is that RNA virology has just
been exaggerated.
And there are RNAs that can be identified and found and isolated and sequenced.
But whether or not they grow indefinitely or whether or not they are causing a pandemic
is another story entirely.
And I think that in order to perpetuate this mythology, they've used reverse genetics
to create the DNA and RNA that they can't find in nature and then tell us that it's
equivalent.
And if you had enough labs and you can create quite a story about what exists in nature and
what doesn't.
And I think that's where we are.
And it started all the way back with that character we were talking about earlier, Nathan
Wolf.
He's one of the first, you know, public figures to be talking about this huge potentially,
you know, infinite source of new pathogens, dark biology or whatever it was, which was
really just metagenomic, the metagenomic sequencing applied to a background noise.
I don't know if you're familiar with it.
There's a paper that just came out of preprint that everybody has started to talk about where
they've been able to identify a whole nother source of RNA in the background, including
the equivalent of virons that are circulating between all of our microbiome.
So and in these virons includes RNA dependent RNA polymerase.
So there's this huge background of RNA that we've been told in 2020 didn't exist.
It's just SARS-CoV-2 and we find it with PCR.
And more and more, they're starting to slowly roll out the reveal that actually healthy
tissue communicates with RNA and sick tissue communicates with RNA and bacteria communicates
with RNA and bacteria phages use RNA and holy cow, there's a lot more RNA in the background
than we thought.
And I think this is starting to really speak to the idea that an RNA background has been
used and conflated to create this molecular signal that everybody calls a pandemic.
A lot of us have been fooled and that's OK.
Yeah, I mean, you talked about how RNA is very fragile.
And also when it replicates, it's got a really poor, you know, I don't know what the term
is, but it mutates or it has a lot of errors in it.
So it doesn't reproduce identically.
And so that for that reason, you just can't have an RNA pandemic and you talked about synthetic
clones.
Can you make it really simple for me and explain to me what you meant by all that?
Sure.
So when they they find these RNA, let's call them coronaviruses for the sake of it in the
wild, what they actually find is an assortment of subgenomic RNAs and they reassemble these
subgenomic RNAs into a canonical genomic RNA.
Sorry, you need to stop.
What does subgenomic mean?
And what does genomic RNA mean?
It's OK when an RNA virus copies itself, we are told that it needs to take its whole genome
and break it up into smaller pieces through copying.
And then those smaller pieces are translated into the individual proteins that assemble
into a virus.
We are told that there are a lot more of these subgenomic RNAs than there are of genomic
RNAs because you need a lot more of those to make all the proteins that you need to
make in order to package virus.
And the one thing that they don't tell you, but Robert Malone told us in 2021 already
on a podcast, is that the vast majority of coronavirus particles, as they understand
it, are replication incompetent.
And it's likely because a lot of these subgenomic RNAs get packaged and then you're missing most
of the genome.
And so you have a virus that's got some stuff on the outside and some stuff on the inside.
It's not enough for it to continue this cycle that they've drawn in these cartoons.
Things can be inferred from this.
One is that you could have the passing of symptoms because if these proteins are produced
and shed by somebody, then the next person that encounters these proteins could have
symptoms that don't replicate and don't pass on.
Number two, the interesting thing is, is that when they're sequencing a virus in culture,
they are sequencing this sort of imperfect collection of largely incompetent particles.
And they sequence this and they get a whole library of fragments and that those fragments
are then lined up with each other and they draw from that fragment a consensus sequence
that we were told with SARS-CoV-2 in the beginning.
The trouble is, of course, is that that sequence isn't found in an abundance.
In fact, it's not found at all.
It is a symbol.
And even when they've applied more recently.
It's a computer model.
Yes, it's if you had a shredded book and then you used a computer to try and make a guess
of what that book was about and depending on how good your computer was and how you set
the parameters of that guess, you could take an encyclopedia and shred it into a million
pieces.
Depending on the algorithm you could use, you could find a yoga book in there or you could
find a book about war in there or a book about carpentry and it's yeah, or a Bible.
So it's really, I think this, as we get more data about how much of a signal is there in
the background and we get more data about how little fidelity they actually have in these
size regimes and in these sequencing reactions, then you start to realize that there's a
there's no way back in the late 80s and early 90s, they could claim all the things
that they claim because they didn't even have the resolution we have now.
And when we have the resolution we have now, they still can't extend these discoveries
and these claims beyond the models that they already have working.
For example, we're still using, as you know, psychopathic effects to have some indication
that there is a virus in culture.
We haven't expanded beyond this technique.
All these fancy sequencing techniques and microfluidics and all this other stuff.
The best we can do is still psychopathic effects.
I mean, that seems pretty shocking to me, but that's really where we are.
What are psychopathic effects explain that?
This is actually one of the things that Stefan Lanka is very, very, I think, appropriately
so famous for is that you take a cell culture and one of the ways that they purport to find
virus is if they put a sample from somebody's lung in that cell culture and then those
cells die, that's that's psychopathic effects, cells dying is an indication of the presence
of a virus.
Now, if they use PCR on that dish and they find the amplicons that they claim indicate
the viruses there, they've got all the proof they need.
Hold on a second.
And that's almost all they ever do.
Hold on.
But the glue that they make this all from, they decide to toxic anyway.
I mean, like, how did you know it's not just all the glue that you've just put in there
and you're putting it.
Well, this is the argument that this is the argument that Mark Bailey and Stefan Lanka
and a lot of people have been making arguments.
This is the argument from the very, very beginning is that the original isolation didn't even
have a control.
They didn't use fluid from a healthy person and show you that the cells didn't die.
And this is a very valid critique of every coronavirus isolation, really, in history.
And this is not something that I've ever really argued with, which is also one of these.
I've been all on board with these with these posits for quite some years now.
It's hard to argue that you're going down to no virus camp.
It's not a no virus camp, though, it's a it's a it's a camp about the fact that the, the
resolution and the fidelity that they portray is a lie and that they've used reverse genetics.
I believe that they can use reverse genetics to recapitulate a lot of these, these experiments.
And that has allowed this field to exist that these are virologists do it.
And they're all doing it thinking that these clones are the same thing as what they find
in the bats.
It's just Ralph Barrick made this for me so that I can, you know, this lab made this for
me so that I can do my work.
But what they don't understand is none of these stocks, none of these supplies, none
of these things would exist if it wasn't for the reverse genetics used to produce them.
You wouldn't be able to get them.
If you had to culture them, you wouldn't be able to get them.
If you had to run to the cave every week, none of these things would exist then.
And that's the heart of this.
So there is real PCR.
There are real sequencing reactions.
There are RNAs in these things, but they have been, they have been misconstrued as
doing things that they don't do.
And with that, I totally agree with all of these people.
Okay.
So one more thing, just when I spoke to Robert Malone, he goes, thousands of people have
isolated the coronavirus around the world.
As far as I know, China produced a sequence and then gave it to the world.
And everybody then used that sequence to create whatever it was.
It was never a true isolation.
No one has gone and isolated a live, real life virus.
Am I right?
Well, the only place that I know of that they claim to have done it is the guy, the
Suhomish County man in Washington state in America, because that is the only sample that
they wrote in the description that they cultured the virus and that that cultured
virus is this stock number.
So if you do the trace through all of the documents, it appears as though they cultured
the virus that he had and that they made a stock from it.
And that's what the papers say, however, this would be, no, no, I mean, still, the point
would be the best case scenario is that they have an assortment of RNAs that they
found in this person and they made more of it somehow and they're shipping that around.
But my gut feeling tells me that this is just a nonsense story.
And they tell you this because the foundation of virology is based on this lie that you can
culture a virus, sequence it, put it in a stock and grow some more and send it around.
What they are skipping there, what they are not telling you is that the only way that
works is if you make an infectious clone of it first, you make a DNA clone so you can
make lots of it and then go back to that DNA clone whenever you need to make more of it.
And I suspect that all of RNA virology has been done this way for about 20 years.
Sorry, can you just break down what a DNA clone is?
Sure.
It's the same way that they made the spike protein, supposedly RNA that they injected
in everyone.
You take the sequence that Nathan Wolf found in his metagenomic experiment.
You take the sequence that supposedly the algorithm spit out in Wuhan and you construct
DNA equivalents of it and you can do this very easily using commercial means.
You can order them off the internet.
Just put the sequence in and order this piece and that piece and that piece and that piece.
And Ralph Barrick is the guy who is infamous for inventing this idea.
But in reality, these are standard molecular biology baking techniques where you use restriction
enzymes to cut ends that match together and you put pieces of DNA together to make a bigger
piece of DNA.
Applying this idea to virology is maybe his calling card but I assure you that all of
his postdocs knew how to do it and lots of other people that work in plants and work
in vertebrates are also using these techniques to create DNA constructs that they use in their
own experiments.
And so it's not a particularly tricky or magical thing that they wanted to sound like
with regard to what Barrick's doing.
But a DNA clone of these things, as I said, you can't get much of this RNA from the wild
because it doesn't grow in a dish, it doesn't replicate with high fidelity and also replicates
itself with this broken structure of many more subgenomic RNAs than full genomic RNAs.
So ignoring the error rate because the error rate doesn't really, the error rate could
be relatively low and it still doesn't really matter for this argument.
The DNA construct is what allows them to go from a very long piece over and over and over
again.
So that in the end, you can have thousands of near perfect copies of the same full genomic
RNA that in no other methodology and no other source could this be found?
Because even the whole sequence, the consensus sequence, if it's made, it is a consensus
sequence.
It doesn't by definition necessarily exist in nature.
And if you make a clone of it, literally thousands and thousands of copies of it that
you could never produce in any other way.
And that is a DNA clone who infectious RNA clone that was invented by actually David
Baltimore.
And that's the guy who won the Nobel Prize for reverse transcriptase.
And the guy who started the Whitehead Institute at MIT and is like the godfather of all this
virology defined it all really, it's pretty impressive.
If you think about how much how much do you think of this as part of the transhumanism
where they're trying to get, you know, to edit the human genome and and change just in
some way and, you know, by what if I just did a video a couple of days ago where I watched
a a talk given by the founder of the Broad Institute, Eric Lander as he was talking about
the progress that had been made and not made with the human genome project and how
much farther they had to go.
And the basic message was in 2019 that the only way we're going to get through this is
if we collect every genome on Earth.
And so I'm pretty sure that one of the main priorities here is just making sure that as
our children grow up, they don't think of their biology as theirs, but they think of
it as something they owe to society to turn over.
And then this data will be farmed, this data will be used.
They'll even give you a universal, bakey basic income in exchange for it.
I don't know, but this definitely on the docket for sure.
All right.
Dude, it's late here.
I'm getting tired and my brain's fried.
I'm happy.
You stayed up late with me, man.
That's very nice of you.
I appreciate it.
No, dude.
I love talking to you.
You know that.
A time works for you on my show.
What do I have to do that?
I have to get up early.
Yeah.
You're five hours behind me.
Five hours.
That's number.
Yeah.
So like mid day one o'clock, that would be good.
I mean, I have to pick up the kids to 45.
So if you do mid day, that means the five o'clock start for you.
And I'd be most grateful.
That's perfect.
That'll work.
Cool.
All right.
We're going to set it up.
I'll send you some dates and times.
Can I ask you a favor?
Can you send me all information and where people can find you?
Just do a shout out now where people can find you, your Twitter handle, your Twitch,
whatever it is.
You should, you know what?
You should also do all these like videos that you do on Twitch or whatever.
You should also upload on sub stack.
I don't know if you're aware of that, but sub stack allows you to upload like a podcast.
It's really, really good.
I think you should do that.
I am doing that now.
Yep.
I just started last week.
So that's very good.
I'm on sub stack is GIGO and biological.
I'm Twitch on GIGO and biological.
When I'm at GIGO, biological.com, all one word, unfortunately, it's a dumb thing to
get go home.
So that's what it's called.
GIGO.
Home.
Okay.
Home, biological.
And it's big resistance like you are.
Big resistance comes in small packages and tall, skinny packages and we're just going to
keep fighting.
All right.
Yeah.
All right, man.
We're definitely going to keep fighting.
I mean, I'm not stopped.
I'm not going to stop.
I'm just, I'm very happy in the sense that, you know what?
I just, I look at my colleagues, mate, and they're still doing the same same.
They're just like zombies going through the motions, doing their job.
They don't look happy.
And I think a lot of people know something's wrong.
Know something doesn't make sense in the world.
And they kid themselves and they fill themselves and they immerse themselves in the work.
And they're chasing a bigger car that they've gotten credit or a bigger house, you know,
whatever it might be.
And they're not happy because ultimately they're living a life.
And while things aren't easy for you and me and we have to watch our bills and, you
know, every penny counts, at least we're happy, man, at least we're doing something
for humanity.
And I think that's the most important thing.
And we will have our rewards in this life or the next.
That's for sure.
I don't know about what you think, but I definitely think there's a God in the Creator.
I'm going back to what you said before.
I mean, our rewards are every day.
This for whatever reason has brought me closer to my family in a way that I would have never
been if I was still obsessed with my academic pursuits as a biologist.
And I'm reorienting myself toward the local community.
I don't know.
It's made my wife and I marriage stronger than ever.
And so there's a lot of things to count as blessings.
That's for sure.
100%.
This is a thing.
Like, that's another thing.
Just be grateful, man.
Like be grateful that you're awake.
Be grateful that you're not controlled opposition.
Be grateful that you're not captured or compromised in any way.
Be grateful that you can go to sleep at night and sleep like a baby knowing that you know
what?
You've done good in this world.
I mean, that is not great.
You tell me what is.
You know, I mean, that is just fantastic.
And you've got three beautiful kids, same with me.
Do you know what?
I'm not going in holiday this year.
I don't care.
Do you know what?
What should I just work like a dog, stress that, and then go away somewhere for a week.
Because that's when I'm going to be happy.
Or actually, you know what?
Be happy every day in my little garden and my muddy field where I'm running, falling
down.
I think these are the priorities, you know?
I think I'm learning.
I'm learning myself, you know, just to be content and be happy and be grateful, you
know?
It's a life lesson that I'm learning.
And my brother, I love you so much.
Everyone please follow JJ.
He is a good one to the core and he needs all the support you can get.
So please subscribe to him and listen to him.
He's got some great insights.
And yeah, love you brother.
We'll speak again soon, okay?
Thank you.
Thank you very much, man.